feat: kyverno crds presence check in NOTES.txt (#613)
nirmata/kyverno-charts: charts/enterprise-kyverno-operator/templates/NOTES.txt

Thank you for installing {{ .Chart.Name }}! Your release is named {{ .Release.Name }}.

{{- if .Values.enablePolicyset }}
{{- $policyCRD := lookup "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1" "CustomResourceDefinition" "" "policies.kyverno.io" }}
{{- $clusterPolicyCRD := lookup "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1" "CustomResourceDefinition" "" "clusterpolicies.kyverno.io" }}
{{- if or (not $policyCRD) (not $clusterPolicyCRD) }}
********************************************************************************
⚠️  WARNING: Required Kyverno CRDs are missing
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The policyset controller requires the following Kyverno CRDs to function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policyset controller requires the following Kyverno CRDs. Without these, you will see error logs in the controller with every reconciliation:
```

- Policy (`policies.kyverno.io`)
- ClusterPolicy (`clusterpolicies.kyverno.io`)

❗ These CRDs are not currently installed in the cluster.
   Please install Kyverno or ensure its CRDs are present before using this chart.
{{- end }}
{{- end }}

> 💡 Note: There is a trade-off when deciding which approach to take regarding Namespace exclusions. Please see the documentation at https://kyverno.io/docs/installation/#security-vs-operability to understand the risks.

Reviewer: Remove this Note section. Its not relevant anymore ever since we decoupled kyverno deployment from the operator.
